(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
♪
Excuse me, but it appears
that the shockwave
scrambled the chip we planted
inside Yuya's helmet, sir.
It's scrambled?
We can't turn the chip off
and it's running
at maximum power!
It could cause
severe damage.
Rebellion Dragon,
prepare to attack!
Take aim at...
Raikiri...
And attack!
Sweeping Static Strike!
(groaning)
(Jean Michel Roget)
Well done, Yuya!
My takeover nears completion!
♪
Duel Academy has infiltrated
the Syncro Dimension!
They could ruin everything!
Especially if they find Celina
and Zuzu before I do!
Sergey! Intercept the attackers
and show them no mercy.
Chidori,
jog Yuya's memories!
Let 'em have it!
♪
Bad move, Crow!
When you destroy a monster
equipped with Supreme Wing,
your monster
is also destroyed!
(groaning)
(Melissa)
Yessiree!
Looks to me like we
have us a bona fide winner!
Yuya Sakaki!
(moaning)
During our duel, some flyin'
folks flew over the stadium!
Sora said they
were after Celina!
He went to save her,
but he'll be outnumbered.
Bet he could use your help!
I gotta find Sora!
This fight just kicked
into a whole new gear!
♪
♪ Hey hey
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
The people of
this Synchro Dimension
won't be making this
easy for us.
Remember, when you
identify the target...
use your flares to alert
the rest of the squad.
Now, let's do this.
Huh?
(gasping)
Obelisk Force!
Those are the flying folks
Crow told me about!
Duel Academy's finally
come to this dimension.
Their first order of business
must be to find Celina and Zuzu.
And my job is to make sure
that doesn't happen.
♪
Zuzu's gonna be safe
hiding out underground,
but Celina's MIA.
I gotta find her!
Who are those gentlemen
riding those gliders?
I imagine it's simply
part of the show.
Nobody told me nothin' 'bout
no gliders, but I reckon...
Well, folks, y'all
better hold onto your hats,
'cause we got a surprise
from the skies!
Huh?
That was quite bizarre.
It was like I was dueling
but it must have been
in my mind.
Whoa. The professor must
have grown tired of waiting.
He sent Obelisk Force here
to end Celina and Zuzu's
little game of hide and seek.
I've got you now, you snake!
♪
Stay in your
established positions.
Take defensive actions only.
Leave it to Sergey to provide
the necessary offense.
We got a whole heap
o' flyin' performers here
t' put on a swoopin',
soarin' show in the sky!
This is astounding,
to say the least.
Those that have
flown in from the skies
are from
the Fusion Dimension?
That's right.
They're an elite unit
known as Obelisk Force.
This couldn't be worse!
Surrounded by security and now
Duel Academy invades us!
We know you are an
exceptional duelist, Declan,
but will you
be able to defend us
against this many opponents
singlehandedly?!
You... you Lancers came to
this dimension to protect us
from exactly this kind of
situation, didn't you!?
Well, can you actually do it?!
The Lancers came to help
defend against these enemies,
to team up
with your own duelists
and work as a united force!
But since your fellow
Lancers were sent
to the underground,
you stand before us all alone.
How can one team with you,
when you yourself
do not even have a team?
My Lancers may be down, but
they'll rise up soon enough,
and when they do,
Duel Academy will be done for.
I can't say for sure
what kind o' fancy flyin'
these here wacky wingmen
are plannin' on next,
but this crowd
is rarin' t' see it!
Right now,
the crowds believe
that those flying
above their heads are just
a harmless part of the
tournament's entertainment,
but once reality sets in,
this may be
the opportunity we need
to find out who among them is
worthy to fight alongside us.
♪
You're psychotic!
(laughing)
Why, thank you.
And who are you again?
You know who I am.
Don't play dumb!
If what I've heard is true,
it's a name more suited
to a dog, correct?
Good evening, "Pogo."
I'm no one's dog!
The name's Yugo!
(laughing)
Of course you're no dog.
Dogs are brighter.
Ya think you're funny?
I'll duel that smile off ya!
Really?
Speaking of duels,
I just had the strangest
sensation that I was in one.
And so were you.
Come to think of it,
I felt like I was dueling
a little while ago, as well.
But don't change the subject!
You're gonna take me
to Rin Rin right now!
Fine. I will.
I have just one
teensy condition.
Condition?
I'll take you to Rin
right after you tell me
where Zuzu is hiding out.
(gasping)
And don't go making up
stories to protect her,
or I'll make sure
you never see Rin again.
Oh, I'll see Rin Rin again!
And I'll protect Zuzu...
so you never get her!
You can try to find her,
but it'll never happen!
I see. Well...
it seems you've certainly
made your mind up.
How unfortunate for you
and Rin Rin.
Guess there isn't going to be
a Rin‐union in your future.
(groaning)
Ta‐ta! See you never!
Hey, get back here now!
♪
(growling)
Sora... Celina...
where are you?
♪
It appears time
is no longer on our side.
But it is not possible
to move these two
in their current state.
(gasping)
This is Sector Security.
Stop where you are.
Put your hands on your head.
♪
Your final warning:
stop or be stopped.
Huh?
(groaning)
Sergey had better not
disappoint.
Obelisk Force is everywhere.
Where next?
Let's check out
that subway. Go!
Trouble.
C'mon, Celina!
I can't move.
I'm too weak.
Please save yourselves.
Hurry.
Never!
Why would we go
without you?!
You'll be safe that way.
Obelisk Force and Security
only want me.
It's time to
let them have me.
That will not be happening,
Celina.
My mission is to keep you
safe from their reach.
For that reason,
I could never abandon you.
There's no choice.
You'll have to leave
the both of us behind.
Tell the other Lancers
in the underground
where we are.
I'll stay and keep
Celina safe
'til you come back.
You do not know what
you are saying, Riley!
You cannot!
You are extremely weak!
Once Obelisk Force
finds you here, they will‐‐
Go, Moon Shadow.
Bring our friends.
We'll be waiting.
We've got them now.
♪
(gasping)
Huh?
Wonder what that flare means?
♪
They know she is here!
And I will protect her.
Now, hurry.
Aah!
Impossible! He's taking us
all on by himself!
And beating us!
♪
You see!? Roget's warrior
can singlehandedly
protect us
from Duel Academy!
Presider, perhaps we
should try to persuade Roget
to become
our ally once again?
Hmm.
♪
I am being followed.
This I cannot allow.
♪
Here I go.
Drop your duel disk
and surrender
or suffer the consequences.
Never!
That is exactly
what I was hoping for.
(groaning)
(panting)
Y' see? I told y' I could
handle things here.
Riley cannot hold
them back forever.
I must hurry.
Let's duel!
♪
Now, this'll be fun.
My monster's raring
to sink its fangs
into your hide!
C'mon out,
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!
I can't wait to witness
the feeding frenzy.
Then you shall be
waiting for a while.
I have not traveled
through dimensions
to lose to dishonorable
duelists like you.
Ninjitsu art of hazy
duplication allows me
to summon
Twilight Ninja Shingetsu!
This ninja is
but a fleeting shadow,
vanishing
into the darkness
to call forth
its superior master...
Twilight Ninja Getsuga,
the Shogun!
♪
Huh.
Let us battle.
Getsuga, slap a muzzle
on his hunting hound!
(growling)
The only thing you'll be
slappin' is your forehead
when you realize
what a mistake you made!
Since your ninja
isn't a Fusion monster,
Fusion Trench
will stop its attack!
I shall end my turn
with these two cards.
Now that we've taken away
your ability to attack,
your nin‐jas are nothing
more than nin‐duds!
(laughing)
And our go‐to card
will put an end
to your defiance!
I use polymerization to fuse
my three hunting hounds!
Watch as the fury of the pack
takes the shape
of a single raging beast!
I Fusion Summon Triple
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!
And he's got the combo
to take you down.
Due to Fusion Trench's effect,
his Fusion monster
can attack
your life points directly.
And every life point brings
you closer to your doom.
Hmm.
Turn up the heat,
Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
I'm putting you
to sleep, ninja!
Good thing you're already
wearing pajamas!
(groaning)
You're not
looking so good.
You should just give up.
There's no shame
in being a total loser.
Suit yourself.
If you enjoy punishment,
I'm quite happy to deliver.
I draw!
What worked for my partner
here will also work for me.
I fuse my three
Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds!
Combine and conquer!
Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
Another one!
Watch as history
repeats itself!
Due to our
Fusion Trench's effect,
my hunting hound can
attack you directly too!
(groaning)
I end my turn.
And you're near
your end too.
My Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound's special ability
deals you 600 points
of damage next turn.
But you seem to only
have 400 life points left.
It doesn't take a genius to
figure out that you're finished!
(laughing)
Last chance, ninja!
Forfeit quietly!
You can give me
a thousand chances.
I will not surrender.
So be it.
You're losing anyway.
And you can't stop us.
How about me?
(all gasping)
♪
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
Sora, what are you
doing here?
You're supposed to
be on our side!
Sora... this is
unexpected.
Yeah, yeah.
You can thank me later.
But I first gotta teach
these masked morons a lesson.
So my spell,
Frightfur Sanctuary
is gonna
take 'em to school!
I discard Edge Imp
Frightfuloid from my hand,
and I send Frightfur
Bear and Frightfur Leo
from my extra deck
to my graveyard.
When Frightfuloid
is in my graveyard,
that Edge Imp is treated
as a Frightfur...
perfect to combine with
my spell Frightfur Fusion!
Fury of bear, king of the
jungle, stuffing of pain...
when the three come together,
victory is attained!
Make way
for my mighty mash‐up!
♪
I fusion summon!
Here comes the hairy...
scary... bear‐y...
Frightfur Chimera!
2,800 attack points!?
That's for starters.
I use polymerization
to fuse again!
We're from
the same dimension,
but our skills are
worlds apart, amigo!
Fury of bear
and edge of blades!
When the two come together,
you can only be afraid!
I Fusion Summon...
Frightfur tiger!
My tiger's ability
activates.
This cute little "cutty cat"
will tear up one of
your cards into shreds.
Slice and dice
his Fusion Trench!
I got you good!
And my tiger
isn't done yet.
My ferocious feline claws
into its special ability
to give my monsters 300
additional attack points
for every Frightfur
on the field.
That equals 600 attack points.
I too shall help out
by activating
Barrier Ninjitsu
Art of Transcription.
Huh?
This ancient technique
transfers
Triple Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound's special abilities
onto Sora's
Frightfur Chimera.
Sora, I trust that you
will make good use
of these new abilities to
triumph in this duel.
I didn't really need
the help, but thanks.
Now Frightfur Chimera can attack
three times in one turn!
(all gasping)
Here I go!
With the first attack,
my Chimera sends your
Hunting Hound to the pound!
(grunting)
But it won't
be gone for long.
My Chimera's special ability
lets me summon
the monster I just
destroyed onto my field!
Looks like it'd rather
play with me than you!
That lousy mutt!
With another monster
frolicking on my field,
my Frightfur Chimera gains
300 extra attack points.
And since Frightfur Sanctuary
treats Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound
as a Frightfur monster,
Frightfur Tiger's special
ability kicks in again,
giving all my monsters
more attack points!
This is a catastrophe!
Duh! Frightfur Chimera,
how about we
give his three‐headed freak
a thorough thrashing!
Attack!
(groaning)
And like last time,
your Hunting Hound
is summoned onto my field,
giving Frightfur Chimera
300 more attack points.
And Frightfur Sanctuary
and Frightfur Tiger
do their magic again,
stuffing my monsters
with lots of attack points.
Guys, I have one attack
left, and this attack
will be much sweeter than
the lollypop in my mouth!
(groaning)
Here, poochy poochy.
Come on over
to my side of the field.
I can't believe this!
Sora has taken
all of our monsters!
One from each of us!
Hey, you're right.
Wouldn't it be funny if
I used them to defeat you?
(all gasping)
Looks like you're all
bark and I'm all bite!
(whimpering)
(screaming)
They won't be
bothering us anymore...
right?
Yes.
Though we may still
have our differences,
you did save me
on this day.
Thank you, Sora.
Mm‐hmm.
Do you have any idea
where Celina is?
I need to find her
and fast!
Yes. Unfortunately,
she is in grave danger.
She is weak
and unable to fight,
so Riley stayed with her,
but I fear
that Riley cannot
protect her forever.
That flare I saw‐‐ Obelisk
Force knows where she is.
Then their situation
is more dire than ever.
All right. Then I'd
better help even the odds.
You get backup and I'll get
to kicking some Obelisk butt.
(groaning)
(panting)
They just keep coming.
(whimpering)
Riley... you... okay?
(Yuya)
Riley! You in here?
Don't worry!
I'm coming to help!
Aah
(Yuya)
Riley!
(groaning)
Yuya! Yes!
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪